Translation corrections (#295)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/toki_tips_005.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>平沼</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Hiranuma</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtt_hiranuma3004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「警察も、その程度で業務上過失致死罪を突きつけてくるはずはありませんしね。",

> 			NULL, "\"The police shouldn't be pressing charges for a death caused by workplace negligence.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"The police shouldn't press charges for a death caused by workplace negligence.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r火災報知機の故障は、とっさに思いついた苦肉の策だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "火災報知機の故障は、とっさに思いついた苦肉の策だった。",
			NULL, "The malfunction of the fire alarm had been a last resort she'd thought up on the spot.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそのあたりは機械に詳しい協力者がいなければ上手くいかないのでは、と不安に感じていたが、さすがはプロの工作員といったところだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そのあたりは機械に詳しい協力者がいなければ上手くいかないのでは、と不安に感じていたが、さすがはプロの工作員といったところだろう。",
			NULL, "She was worried the plan wouldn't work out without collaborators familiar with the mechanism, but those agents had been pros.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r…目の前で笑う人物には謎というか、胡散臭いところは確かにある。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…目の前で笑う人物には謎というか、胡散臭いところは確かにある。",

> 			NULL, "...It was true that this man smiling in front of him was full of mysteries and beyond fishy.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...It was true that this man smiling in front of her was full of mysteries, and beyond fishy.", Line_Normal);
```
